import { importImage } from "../../image.macro";

I’m fortunate enough that I can work from wherever there is good internet. That
covers a lot of this earths surface – and airspace. I’m also pretty flexible
when it comes to working hours. This gives me plenty of options how to structure
my day: If it’s raining I can stay home and work a bit more. If it’s sunny
outside I can go work to a cafe. If there’s thermal activity I can go flying. If
I don’t feel productive I can… simply be.

<Image
  size="narrow"
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/EF9EBB4F-74FA-4E4A-B5F2-DD2FE7B32956.jpeg"
  caption="Pretty much everything I had packed, one pile for each aspect of my existence."
/>

In early February 2021 I was still hurting, and wanted to leave Switzerland once
more. Not for vacation though, I wanted the new place to feel like home. Me
living and working there, for at least a few weeks.

It wasn't easy to find a country that is in the right time zone such that I
don’t have to get up in the middle of the night for meetings, has good internet,
is warm and cheap, and offers good spots to fly my paraglider.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 4}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_2948.jpeg"
    caption="Just after getting through immigration and picking up my car, I drove to the Teide National Park. This was my first short walk there."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_2976.jpeg"
    caption="On the loop around Sendero Roques de García."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={6 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_2978.jpeg"
    caption="It wasn't quite spring yet, but flowers were already starting to bloom."
  />
</Group>

My original plan was to go to Morocco. I had the airline ticket and accomodation
for the first few days sorted out, was ready to leave Switzerland. But I only
made it to the check-in where the airline informed me that Morocco doesn't allow
tourists into the country – a sudden decision in light of the then increasing
number of COVID cases. Oh well, such is life and travel in corona times…

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3010.jpeg"
    caption="The colors in the rock form when chemical elements that are mixed in the lava come in contact with air and water after being expelled from the earth."
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3013.jpeg"
    caption="The extremely long needles of the pinus canariensis (canary island pine) help it capture moisture from the air."
  />
</Group>

Back to the drawing board. After a bit of research, I found that Tenerife, Spain
was still open to tourists. And winter is the paragliding season there. Booked!

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3047.jpeg"
    caption="Soaring above Playa de Benijo."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3040.jpeg"
    caption="Coastal region in the very north east of Tenerife, around Taganana."
  />
  <Image
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3062.jpeg"
    caption="View towards the very north-east edge of Tenerife, with Roques de Anaga being just barely visible as the pointy rock in the far back."
  />
</Group>

Wait, not so fast! To make sure to not get rejected at the check-in again I
called the airline. After receiving a confirmation that I won't be turned away
again I booked the ticket.

This time though I was smart enough to book my accomodation only after landing
and getting through immigration.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3074.jpeg"
    caption="Sunset over Los Christianos, Santa Cruz de Tenerife. I spent my first week in that beautiful coastal town."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3078.jpeg"
    caption="Sunset as seen from a small hill just south of Los Christianos."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3095.jpeg"
    caption="Tomas' silhouette against the sunset. It was a bit windy, can you tell?"
  />
</Group>

I wasn't expecting many tourists on the island, it was off-season after all, and
COVID was still raging all around the world. But the number of people I saw was
way lower than even that.

Could there be a reason why the island seemed that deserted? Did I miss
something important, was the island perhaps in a dire COVID situation, with
everything locked down, shops closed, and a high incidence rate?

None of my scary thoughts proved true. It was pretty much business as usual on
the island. I think it was just the combination of being off-season, and the
general public being afraid of traveling. Life on Tenerife was relaxed.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3159.jpeg"
    caption="Zona Recreativa Las Lajas, just above Vilaflor, Santa Cruz de Tenerife."
  />
  <Image
    span={[8]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3176.jpeg"
    caption="I think the flat mountain in the back is called El Sombrero."
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3184.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3191.jpeg"
  />
</Group>

A few weeks into my stay I started seeing more and more people in the streets
and on the beaches. Mostly spaniards, but also a many czech people, and people
from the baltic states.

I met few germans, and just a handful of swiss people in total during my five
weeks – even though the flight from ZRH to TFS was full.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3226.jpeg"
    caption="View on Teide from Minas de San Jose."
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3213.jpeg"
    caption="From Alto de Guajara (the large mountain in the left half of the image) you have a nice view on Teide and also down to the southern coast."
  />
  <Image
    span={[8]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3238.jpeg"
    caption="During spring honey bees are brought up to Teide National Park to pollinate the blooming flowers, the honey they produce is known as «Miel de Tenerife»."
  />
</Group>

Many young people I've met have been on Tenerife for many months already. They
came in waves. Whenever a country tightened the restrictions a bunch of them
would flock to Tenerife. Usually with the goal to stay until the conditions in
their home country improve, but many stayed for far longer. I can see why they
don't want to move back.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 4}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3299.jpeg"
    caption="Shot in a beautiful, private garden near La Matanza de Acentejo."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3293.jpeg"
    caption="Dualism."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3273.jpeg"
    caption="Bright green coast around Punta de la Sabina."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3274.jpeg"
    caption="Sunset at Sendero El Jagre."
  />
</Group>

Tenerife is the largest island of the Canary Islands. It's still small enough so
that you can do a day trip to the other side of the island. Yet despite its
small size, it packs many different climate zones: dry and barren landscapes in
the south, lush green vegetation in the north, warm weather down by the sea,
snow on mount Teide.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3263.jpeg"
  caption="Waves crashing onto shore at Puerto de la Cruz, Santa Cruz de Tenerife."
/>

The permanent trade winds push air onto the north-east shores. As the moisture
in the raising air condenses, clouds form. The cloud base is consistently at
about 800 to 1100 meters above the sea, leaving the plateau around mount Teide
under clear blue skies.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3334.jpeg"
  caption="Cloud cover over Puerto de la Cruz."
  size="full"
/>

This also means the northern side of the island is often covered in clouds. The
quickest way to escape them is to drive up the mountain. Because the clouds are
so low, it doesn't take long until you punch through them.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={2 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3446.jpeg"
    caption="The almost flat cloud top makes them look like giant waves."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3448.jpeg"
    caption="Lucky are those who are able to escape above the thick cloud cover."
  />
</Group>

The only sign of COVID on Tenerife was the fact that face masks were mandatory
in shops, restaurants, but also in open spaces.

People were generally following the rules. I even met some walking through the
national park, nobody around them for miles, in winds of 20km/h and yet they
were wearing masks. Rules are rules, right?

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3321.jpeg"
  caption="Tall standing canary island pine trees, reaching high up to capture every bit of moisture from the air."
/>

Police was frequently patrolling the streets and making sure everyone was
wearing a mask. Everyone that is except those jogging, biking, or doing any
other even mildly strenuous activity. It didn't make sense, because the harder
you breathe the more droplets you spread and inhale. But who am I to complain, I
too enjoyed running along the beaches.

Another trick to avoid having to weark a mask was to grab an ice cream in one of
the many ice cream stands. That freedom wouldn't last long though, the ice cream
quickly melted in the hot temperatures.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3388.jpeg"
  caption="These cute tiny bugs were everywhere."
/>

Wild camping is strictly forbidden, especially in the Teide National Park. But
if you pitch the tent after sunset and pack just after sunrise you can escape
unseen.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3462.jpeg"
    caption="Teide standing like a giant in the middle of a flat landscape."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3480.jpeg"
    caption="The sun has risen above the horizon. Time to pack, I wouldn't want the park rangers to see me there."
  />
</Group>

Nights were cold. It was April, spring has barely begun, and lack of clouds
means energy easily escapes into outer space.

The sunrise though was well worth it. I was living on the south-west side of the
island, with little chance to catch a beautiful sunrise. There were few
occasions to do so, and nights spent high up in the Teide National Park offered
those.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3485.jpeg"
  caption="The black stones are from one of the most recent eruptions. They are very sharp, the scrathes I got while walking over them are still healing."
  size="full"
/>

The north-western tip of the island is a landscape of deep gorges, winding
roads, and tiny villages. It's the only region on the western side of the island
where you'll see that much green. Even just a few kilometers to the south you'll
find a completely different landscape: dry and rocky, with few vegetation
outside of the many palm plantations.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3617.jpeg"
    caption="Narrow road just above Masca."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3585.jpeg"
    caption="Montaña del Palmar. No idea what's happened to that hill. It looks funny though."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 4}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3594.jpeg"
    caption="View from Mirador Altos de Baracán, one of the highest points you pass when following TF-436 through the north-western tip of Tenerife."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4716.jpeg"
    caption="Sunset over the Masca gorge. One last chance to look down before the road descends again."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={1}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4692.jpeg"
    caption="Seating at a closed restaurant at Masca."
  />
</Group>

Costa Adeje on the eastern side of the island is one of the few places on the
island where you'll find shallow, wide, sandy beaches. The whole coast is
plastered with restaurants, bars, luxury shops, and five-star hotels.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4148.jpeg"
  caption="Costa Adeje lights up like a christmas tree as soon as the sun starts disappearing behind the horizon."
/>

It was my favourite place to spend the evenings. In just a few minutes drive
from my apartment I could be on clean, wide, almost empty beaches.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4860.jpeg"
  caption="Clouds in peculiar shades of red and violett."
  size="full"
/>

I'd make sure to bring a cold cider and dark chocolate, put on some relaxing
music, and keep my eyes wide open to capture the colorful sunsets.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4569.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[8]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4494.jpeg"
    caption="The sun is setting behind La Gomera."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4586.jpeg"
    caption="Waves in Costa Adeje invite surfers, some of which stay in water late into the night."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4546.jpeg"
    caption="Sometimes I preferred the cool gras, as it meant I would carry less sand back into my apartment."
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={1}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4847.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[8]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4864.jpeg"
    caption="After the sun disappeared from sight, the light kept bouncing off of the clouds near La Gomera, producing this diffuse red glow between the clouds and horizon."
  />
</Group>

If the cloud cover was too thick, I would drive to _Mirador de los Poleos_ – a
viewpoint just high enough to be above the lower cloud cover. From there you
also get a nice view on the two neighbouring islands to the west, _La Gomera_
and _La Palma_.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4207.jpeg"
    caption="Mirador de los Poleos."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={6 / 4}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4245.jpeg"
    caption="La Gomera on the left, La Palma on then right, sun in between."
  />
  <Image
    aspectRatio={7 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3645.jpeg"
    caption="Sunset at Área Recreativa Pinar Chío."
  />
</Group>

To the east of the viewpoint, on the opposite side where the sun sets, is mount
Teide. As the sun slowly descends behind the horizon, you can watch the volcano
change color from yellow to orange to red to violett, until it is at last fully
engulfed in earth's shadow.

After the sun sets it still takes a while for the night sky to reveals itself.
It's well worth waiting the couple hours until the last remants of the sun
disappear from the horizon. Because only then will the night sky reveal itself,
and you get to see the milky way in its fullest beauty. Perhaps you'll even spot
a strip of Starlink satellites crossing the sky like a row of ducks (Space X had
launched another batch of Starlink satellites just one day prior to me trying to
stargaze).

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3625.jpeg"
  caption="Not quite dark enough yet to see the stars."
  size="full"
/>

Continuing further along the road past _Mirador de los Poleos_ will lead you to
the Teide National Park. The park covers most of the center of the island,
around mount Teide, and offers many hiking trails on the plateau and up to some
of the peaks.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={2 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3657.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3676.jpeg"
    caption="Little shrubs growing everywhere they get a chance."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={6 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3678.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={2 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4078.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={2 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4086.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[4]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3666.jpeg"
  />
</Group>

The hike up to the top of mount Teide isn’t too strenuous, but it’s not an easy
walk either. You don't even need hiking boots, as proved by a group of italian
tourists who made it to the top wearing sneakers. I admired their dedication.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4306.jpeg"
  caption="Panorama of Pico Viejo, with Teide in the back."
  size="full"
/>

There are two trails, one from the east, and another one from the south-west.
The later is longer, but nicer. It goes past the second-highest peak of Tenerife
– Pico Viejo – a volcano with a far larger crater than the one at the top.

Pico Viejo is a good place to rest and gather your strength before continuing to
the very top. The peak seems within reach, but don't be mistaken, it takes
another two hours to get there.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={2 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4360.jpeg"
    caption="The deepest part of the Pico Viejo crater, the walls are almost vertical."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4340.jpeg"
    caption="At that point I was still undecided whether to continue all the way up."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4390.jpeg"
    caption="See that tiny little building in the center of the image? That's where the trail starts. The mountain behind it is Alto de Guajara."
  />
</Group>

To get to the very top of Teide you need a permit. This restriction is in place
to limit the damage to the fragile ecosystem around the peak. The park
administration is mostly concerned about the hundreds of visitors every day who
take the cable cark to a station just a couple hundred meters below the peak.

Those who are ready to walk down on their own can wait until the staff guarding
the gate leaves with the last cable car at around 5pm. After that you can walk
right past the gate to the top.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4361.jpeg"
    caption="The black rock is from the last eruption of Pico Viejo in 1798."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4411.jpeg"
    caption="View down onto the north shore. You see from Puerto de la Cruz all the way to the mountains in the very east of Tenerife. See how the trees only grow up to a certain elevation? It's because that's how far up the clouds usually reach, and with them moisture."
  />
</Group>

The crater at the top isn’t particularly pretty, but you get to enjoy a 360°
panoramic view on Tenerife and surrounding islands.

While I’m sure that watching the sunset from the top would be a unique
experience, I wouldn’t want to walk down in the dark. Walking on volcanic stones
requires a lot of concentration, doing that in complete darkness - even if you
had a strong headlight - doubly so.

And it gets cold up there. Don't forget that the peak is at 3700 meters above
the sea!

<Group>
  <Image
    aspectRatio={7 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4463.jpeg"
    caption="Mountain range on the southern edge of Tenerife National Park illuminated in the last rays of sunlight."
    size="full"
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4458.jpeg"
    caption="On the trail between Pice Viejo and Teide."
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={3 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4462.jpeg"
    caption="The shadows are getting longer and I still have a long way to walk. I better hurry up."
  />
</Group>

I was running down and was lucky to make it to the car just as the night was
setting in. If I had left the peak a couple minutes later, I'd be walking in
complete darkness.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4485.jpeg"
  caption="Made it to the car just in time."
  size="full"
/>

My apartment was in _Las Galletas_. When I first entered that town I felt like
in a different country. I found myself walking through dark, narrow, lifeless
streets, between worn down buildings and steel bars covering doors and windows
of every shop, restaurant and private residence (which I took as sign of high
crime rate).

It was such a stark contrast to Adeje and Los Christianos, which are just a
couple minutes drive away. I'm sure it must have been a nice place years ago,
when the buildings and parks were freshly built. But in 2021 the town felt
almost abandoned.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={5 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4115.jpeg"
    caption="That used to be a nice park."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4116.jpeg"
    caption="An encouraging heart in an otherwise desolate place."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4141.jpeg"
  />
</Group>

One of the reasons why I chose Tenerife is because it's well known for its
stable flying conditions all year around. And indeed, there were few days where
flying wasn't possible.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4750.jpeg"
    caption="Costa Adeje from the air."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 5}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_5030.jpeg"
    caption="Ground-handling practice sessions on the beach."
  />
  <Image
    span={[12]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4193.jpeg"
    caption="Sometimes I wouldn't make it all the way to the beach, and would have to land in random fields."
  />
</Group>

The conditions can be so good that thermal activity continues late into the
evening. I had seen sunsets from the beach and from the mountains. But never
have I imagined I'd see one while flying through clouds. It felt so magical.

After concluding that I've seen enough of the sunset from the air, I decided to
head to the landing site at the beach. When I finally made it there, it was dark
and the only lights guiding me were those of the beach bar.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 5}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4910.jpeg"
    caption="Looks like I have enough altitude, and with it time to make some nice pictures."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 5}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4921.jpeg"
    caption="Launch site at Ifonche."
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={7 / 5}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/GPTempDownload.jpg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 4}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4744.jpeg"
  />
</Group>

A few kilometers to the east of Las Galletas is the small town _El Medano_. It
is located on the southern coast of the island and thus enjoys near constant
winds from the east. It's one of _the_ spots for kitesurfing on Tenerife.

It seemed like a modern, young, vibrant town. If you're into kitesurfing it's
definitely worth staying there.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4761.jpeg"
  caption="Playa del Médano. Zona de kite surf."
  size="full"
/>

While walking towards the beach and not really paying attention to anything
around me, I suddenly found myself standing just a couple meters away from
paramedics bent over a person on the ground. I turned right around and walked
away. On my way back to my car I walked past a hearse.

Kitesurfing doesn't seem like a particularly dangerous sport, less dangerous
than paragliding I would assume. Yet accidents can happen everywhere and at any
time. I was remineded of that at that very moment.

<Image
  src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4765.jpeg"
  caption="Looking to the west from a small hill in El Medano."
/>

The last night I spent out in the wild was just two days prior to flying back to
Switzerland. It was still cold in early May.

I didn't meet many people crazy enough like me to sleep in a tent, but I would
regularly drive past campers or vans parked by the side of the road. They
weren't even that discrete.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_5015.jpeg"
    caption="Gran Canaria peaking above early morning clouds."
  />
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4973.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4981.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_5011.jpeg"
    caption="Gran Canaria in slightly different early morning shade."
  />
</Group>

It wasn't all leisure for me, I still had to work eight hours a day. The large
choice of locations I could work from made it just about bearable. With a bit of
creativity it's not difficult to find suitable locations everywhere. Meetings in
particular were much more enjoyable while walking through sand or shallow water.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3029.jpeg"
    caption="A standing desk?"
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4753.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4664.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[6]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 3}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_3115.jpeg"
    caption="Guess how long the meeting took…"
  />
</Group>

I got so used to the calm life style on Tenerife that I felt overwhelmed, if not
even stressed after I got back to Zurich. Granted, the day I got back was
exceptionally nice weather in Zurich, which drove a lot of people into the
streets and to the lake. I hadn't seen that many people in a very long time.

<Group>
  <Image
    span={[5]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 5}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4541.jpeg"
  />
  <Image
    span={[7]}
    aspectRatio={4 / 2}
    src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4525.jpeg"
  />
</Group>

It took me some time to adjust to the big city life. And part of me still thinks
I'm on the wrong place.

<Image src="https://storage.googleapis.com/stories.caurea.org/one-more-rush/IMG_4639.jpeg" size="full" />

> Because there _are_ things… that are more beautiful.
